My essay maker is almost completed. I have the form working with the right
data being sent to the server and it is processed correctly. Currently, I
have almost half of the essay generated from user input, but just need to
add the next body paragraph and conclusion into the maker page so that a
full essay is created. User input is in text boxes that are formatted like
a bullet point, "elephants weigh over 2 tons" that the server turns into a
sentence following an essay's structure "Did you know, elephants weigh
over 2 tons? It's true." The sentences are formatted into paragraphs by
separated <p> tags below the title and author name also generated from the
user's input.

To go more in-depth on how the user is inputting the data, they view
multiple fieldsets on the essay creation page each with a legend
describing which part of the essay this input goes through. Inside each
fieldset are multiple text boxes with labels describing what they need to
put in each one, along with an example sentence to get the best results
from the essay. All of this is in a form that has a submit button at the
bottom.

The next webpage for displaying the essay first loops through each id/name
from the text boxes that are described in an array, saving each input into
a dictionary with the id/name as a label for the user's input. Then each
paragraph is formatted into a string, assigned to a properly named
variable, and the HTML displays it through separated <p> tags. The title
and author's name is also displayed in a centered heading above the essay.

The essay is displayed correctly with the current paragraphs displayed, I
just need to finish the text boxes for the last paragraphs and make the
page look nicer through some slight CSS manipulation, like changing the
font to something other than times, but the times will be applied to the
essay for clarity, and every essay uses the times.
